## 6/3
### React


useEffect is good to use in the beginning when your app first loads.
A piece of business logic that can run as many times as a given piece of state or parameter updates.
If you want it to run more than once then you can include a parameter inside of the array(that is a state object) that the useEffect will monitor.
It is useful to run an API request.Empty array will mean that the component will only run once. 


What is the definition of a react first class object? 
* React is about processing changed in the state, and reentering a UI
* State or Props

Toast notification?


React hooks are completely opt-in. They are built in functions that allow react  Developers to use state and lifecycle methods inside functional components, they also work together with existing code, so they can easily be adopted into a code base. 

There are 2 main rules that are strictly to be adhered to as stated by the reactor core team in which they outlined in the hooks proposal documentation

1st, make sure to not use hooks inside loops, conditioned, or nested functions.

2nd, only use hooks from inside react functions.

Basic react hooks: 
useState(): allows react developers to update, handle and manipulate state inside functional components. 
 
Example code

function App() {
  const [age, setAge] = useState(19);
  const handleClick = () => setAge(age + 1)

  return 
      <div> 
          I am {age} Years Old 
        <div> 
        <button onClick={handleClick}>Increase my age! </button>
      </div>
   </div>
}



