## Sean O'Dell 06/03/2020
## Calendar management and styling/REACT

put together draft schedule, 2+1 2 hour focus session (2 + daily unloop pair programming session)

index.html, #root is location all REACT is sent to.
App.js is central point of truth for REACT rendering

**useEffect - function that triggers once a page object in the second paremeter changes. Can be used for network requests and page status updates
-   useEffect((optional) => {
        <operations>
    }[hooks, that, trigger, funtion, if, changed])
    - can use empty array to declare it should only run once on page load
- "A peice of business logic that can run as many times as a given piece of state or parameter updates"

**first class object - either a state or bit of props. something REACT looks for to decide whether or not to rerender

**localStorage - object that stores information that is global to the page

**bootstrap grid - bootstrap site layout management tool that separates elements into fractions of 12 to determine length along the grid eg. 12 items would have span1, 2 could have span6 or span4 and spand8, etc.

**source of truth - the ultimate authority of what a given piece of information's value is. More useful to keep in Javascript opposed to display on page.

built-in debuggers use 'debugger' statement to pause code at specified point to check status of program at various points. console.log uses this without pausing but instead sends 'snapshot' of code with info you request. debuggers are more versatile but are more labor intensive.

disabled button attribute can prevent events from triggering upon click. Can attach styles with <button>:disabled to add styles to disabled.
?security/safety issues if button enabled in dev tools?

if javascript is dependent on elements in page existing, always put it at bottom of the page

with plugin CSS, list your CSS later in the index.html so that it takes priority over plugin CSS. If your code breaks the other, you can always modify your own code.

plug-ins are used to reduce workload by massive amount with the benefit of time tested code and significant documentation(depending on the plugin used)

objects lower on the page are implied to be in front of objects higher on the page, can be overridden with 'z-index' property

AJAX 'after I've loaded the page, I'm going to request more information to add to the page'

**JSON - JavaScript Object Notation - valid Javascript notation for objects, frequently used when dealing with API's and other server calls

small delay between time HTML is modified and when img's are loaded. Can add placeholder animation between change and ending of loading screen to hide this gap and make loading seamless

rquestAnimationFrame vs setInterval - rAF adds function to the end of browser waiting list, setInterval runs ASAP. rAF also pauses when tab goes into background. sI keeps running even while minimized