# Sean O'Dell 06/24/2020

class components vs hooks - 
hooks tend to be more effecient in terms of performance. class components generally aren't 'pure functions'

what is the difference between react hooks and class components?
-   React hooks are used within functional components to provide functionality that used to be exclusive to class components. To maintain rerendering based on state, they rely on architecture like Redux interacting with hook functions to maintain a central state store that notifies the app in the case of an update.
-   Class components are an extension of React.Component, and are structured as objects containing methods. They frequently require constructor functions to build and maintain their state. Custom methods can be created for them, allowing for hook-like functionality, and they have a set of predefined methods that trigger at various points in the component's lifecycle.

what is the difference between state and props?
-   state is a piece of information that is created, stored and managed by the component itself. The component owns the state and can modify it indirectly.
-   props are passed down to the state by its parent component. The component cannot modify it's props indirectly, and relies on handler functions passed down with the props in order to modify it indirectly.

what is the difference between useState() and useEffect()
-   useState() is used to create the function that handles a changing state-variable. It takes as an argument the desired initial value for the variable being created, and outputs an array containing the variable being created and the handler function. With deconstruction, it sets each of those as independent variable.
-   useEffect() is a function that causes an action to occur when a specified variable is created or modified. It takes two arguments; first: a function to be called, second: an array containing the variables that will cause the first argument to be called upon mutating. This can be used to trigger rerendering by calling the function initialized as specified in the useState() section above.